Update overview.md (#1376)
seqeralabs/docs: platform-cloud/docs/compute-envs/overview.md

- [Amazon EKS](./eks)
- [Google Kubernetes Engine](./gke)

:::note

> Compute Environments now support descriptions. You can enter a description of the compute environment during creation to help provide context and information. Descriptions can be updated by using the **Edit** option from the menu of the relevant compute environment. Descriptions can be updated at any point (e.g., to reflect a change in status) and are limited to 1000 characters. Existing compute environments without descriptions can also be updated with one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compute Environments now support descriptions. Enter a description during creation to provide context and information. To update a description, select **Edit** from the menu of the relevant compute environment. You can update descriptions at any time (e.g., to reflect a status change), up to a 1000-character limit. You can also add descriptions to existing compute environments that don't have one.
```
